doc: Add more useful information to Glossary.md (#31879)
nodejs/node: glossary.md

You may also need to check https://chromium.googlesource.com/chromiumos/docs/+/master/glossary.md.

* ABI: [Application Binary Interface](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Application_binary_interface)
* ASAP: As Soon As Possible.
* BE: Big Endian - Byte order style in a multibyte data.
  (Opposite of LE, Little Endian)
* CI: [Continuous Integration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Continuous_integration).
* CITGM: Canary In The Gold Mine - a smoke test unit in the repo that
  contain popular npm modules.

> * CJS: Common JS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* CJS: CommonJS. In most cases, [CommonJS Modules](https://nodejs.org/api/modules.html#modules-commonjs-modules).
```

* CLDR: [Common Locale Data Repository](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Common_Locale_Data_Repository).
* CLI: [Command Line Interface](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Command-line_interface).

> * CVE: Common Vulnerebilities and Exposures - A database that

Reviewer 2: (Typo) CVE: Common **Vulnerabilities** and Exposures

  maintains reported security exposures.
* ECMA: European Computer Manufacturers Association - A body that

>   governs JS spec among other things.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  governs the specification of the JavaScript language, among other things.
```

* EOF: [End Of File](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/End-of-file)
* EOL: End Of Line (when used within a program), End of Life
  (when used within project documents).

> * ESM: ECMA Script Module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ESM: [ECMAScript Module](https://nodejs.org/api/esm.html#modules-ecmascript-modules)
```

* ETW: Event Tracing for Windows.
* FFDC: First Failure Data Capture - Common terms for logs, traces
  and dumps that are produced by default on program error.

> * FIPS:  Federal Information Processing Standards.

Reviewer 2: Double spacing is not needed

* FS: File System.
* ICU: International Components for Unicode.
* IPC: Inter Process Communication.
* JIT: [Just In Time](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Just-in-time_compilation)
  Is a way of executing computer code that involves compilation during execution
  of a program `at run time` rather than before execution.
* JS/C++ boundary: It refers  to the boundary between V8's runtime and the
  JS code execution which are commonly crossed when invoking JS functions with

>   C++ linkage (e.g. interceptors). The boundary could very well exist when we

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  C++ linkage (e.g. `v8::FunctionCallback`). The boundary exist when we
```
interceptors are only very rarely used. `v8::FunctionCallback`s are a lot more common.

You may also need to check https://chromium.googlesource.com/chromiumos/docs/+/master/glossary.md.

* ABI: [Application Binary Interface](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Application_binary_interface)
* ASAP: As Soon As Possible.

> * ASYNC: Asynchronous

Reviewer: Why is `SYNC` left out if `ASYNC` needs explanation?

Author: Removed it.

* BE: Big Endian - Byte order style in a multibyte data.
  (Opposite of LE, Little Endian)

> * CI: Continuous Integration.

Reviewer: This does not seen to be useful for people who don't know what CI is

Author: Linked it to Wikipedia explanation.

* CITGM: Canary In The Gold Mine - a smoke test unit in the repo that
  contain popular npm modules.
* CJS: Common JS.

> * CLDR: Common Locale Data Repository.

Reviewer: This does not seem to be useful for people who don't know what CLDR is

Author: Thanks, linked it to Wikipedia explanation.

* CLI: [Command Line Interface](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Command-line_interface)

> * CMD: Command.

Author: Removed it.

* CVE: Common Vulnerebilities and Exposures - A database that
  maintains reported security exposures.
* ECMA: European Computer Manufacturers Association - A body that
  governs JS spec among other things.

> * ENV: Environment - General term for execution environment.

Author: Removed it.

* EOF: [End Of File](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/End-of-file)
* EOL: End Of Line (when used within a program), End of Life
  (when used within project documents).
* ESM: ECMA Script Module.
* ETW: Event Tracing for Windows.

> * FD: File Descriptor.

Author: Removed it.

* FFDC: First Failure Data Capture - Common terms for logs, traces
  and dumps that are produced by default on program error.
* FIPS:  Federal Information Processing Standards.
* FS: File System.
* ICU: International Components for Unicode.
* IPC: Inter Process Communication.

> * JIT: Just In Time - General term for dynamic compiler in

Author: Thanks, changed it.

  managed runtimes.

> * JS/C++ boundary: A layer that bridges between JS APIs and the C++

Reviewer: I don't think is accurate - when we talk about `JS/C++ boundary` we are usually referring to the boundary between V8's runtime and the JS code execution which are commonly crossed when invoking JS functions with C++ linkage (e.g. interceptors), i.e. something like this

```
    frame #11: 0x00000001009703db node`Builtins_InterpreterEntryTrampoline + 187
    frame #12: 0x00000001009703db node`Builtins_InterpreterEntryTrampoline + 187
    frame #13: 0x00000001009703db node`Builtins_InterpreterEntryTrampoline + 187
    frame #14: 0x000000010096dfda node`Builtins_JSEntryTrampoline + 90
    frame #15: 0x000000010096ddb8 node`Builtins_JSEntry + 120
```

Instead of the conceptual layer in the implementation that abstracts platform capabilities. The boundary could very well exist when we are reaching into the C++ to do something that has nothing to do with the platform, e.g. URL parsing.

Author: Thanks, Changed it. PTAL.

  helpers that implements / abstracts platform capabilities.
* LGTM: Looks good to me - commonly used to approve a code review.
* LTS: Long Term Support.

> * MDN: Mozila Development Network - A vast and authentic

Reviewer: Why not link to it directly?

Author: Thanks, linked it.

  documentation on JavaScript.

> * OOB: Out Of Bounds - Used in the context of TCP data transport.

Reviewer: I don't think this is where OOB is mostly used - we primarily talk about OOB in array(memory) access

Author: Changed it according to suggestion. PTAL

* OOM: Out Of Memory.

> * OSX: Mac OS.

Reviewer: This entry seems somewhat odd - why assume more people know about macOS than OS X? And it doesn't seem right to me for us to explain about Apple's branding strategy here

Author: Removed it.

* PPC: Power PC.
* PTAL: Please Take A Look.
* RAII: [Resource Aquisition Is Intialization](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Resource_acquisition_is_initialization)

> * REPL: Read Evaluate Print Loop.

Reviewer: This does not really explain what it is in the context of Node.js - I think people who don't know what REPL might still be puzzled after reading this.

Author: Explained it. PTAL.

* RFC: Request For Comments.
* RSLGTM: Rubber-Stamp Looks Good To Me. The reviewer approving without doing
  a full code review.

> * RSS: Resident Set Size.

Reviewer: It does not seem to be meaningful to just expand the word. A link to https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Resident_set_size would be more useful

Author: Thanks, Linked it.

> * SMP: Symmetric Multi Processor.

Reviewer: Where is this used? I don't recall seeing anyone talking about this in Node.js.

Author: It's not used. Removed it.

* TSC: Technical Steering Committee. Detailed info see
  [TSC](./GOVERNANCE.md#technical-steering-committee).

> * V8: JavaScript engine that is embedded in Node.js.

Reviewer: It seems somewhat funny to define `V8` as `JavaScript engine that is embedded in Node.js` which may sends you the impression (provided that you don't know what it is) that this is a code name for a component developed for Node.js

Author: Changed the definition, PTAL.

> * VM: Virtual Machine, in the context of abstracting instructions,

Reviewer: I think in this code base the most commonly used meaning of `vm` is actually the `vm` builtin module, which is not really a Virtual Machine but just an unfortunate name for something it is not..and describing VM this way does not seem to help clarifying that misconceptioin.

Author: Thanks, changed it accordingly and linked it. PTAL.

You may also need to check https://chromium.googlesource.com/chromiumos/docs/+/master/glossary.md.

* ABI: [Application Binary Interface](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Application_binary_interface)
* ASAP: As Soon As Possible.

> * ASM: Assembler - General term for language translator, especially

Reviewer: To clarify, I still think this criteria of inclusion in this list seems puzzling - if we are explaining what assembler is, why don't we also explain compiler, linker...and to that end, computer?

Reviewer 3: @joyeecheung -

> why don't we also explain about compiler, linker...and to that end, computer?

Is this a joke, or sarcasm?

criteria of inclusion in this list is very simple IMO (I proposed majority of these items) - presence of their usage in our code base and that are not obvious to a user who are normally skilled in the art.

first criteria is objective, measurable:

https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/c6ed01cf6d0d54f8de862fd41413e5cbac2a8ba4/configure.py#L744

second criteria is subjective, and my assertions are based on my interactions with users, mostly through the help repo: Most users there know what a computer is, but may not know what `ASM` is.

Reviewer: >  warn('''No acceptable ASM compiler found! 

To me in this particular example it looks like the text should be changed to `assembler` instead, or something more informative like `.asm` compiler (I am not even sure if that's a proper term), instead of adding a glossary for it. `ASM compiler` AFAIK, is not widely used in this repo when people talk about things either.

Author: @joyeecheung, removed `ASM` from the document.

  from high level to low level.
* ASYNC: Asynchronous
* BE: Big Endian - Byte order style in a multibyte data.
  (Opposite of LE, Little Endian)

> * CI: Continuous Intigration.

Reviewer 4: typo `Intigration`

Author: @gengjiawen, thanks. Fixed it.

* JIT: Just In Time - General term for dynamic compiler in
  managed runtimes.
* JS/C++ boundary: A layer that bridges between JS APIs and the C++
  helpers that implements / abstracts platform capabilities.
* LGTM: Looks good to me - commonly used to approve a code review.
* LTS: Long Term Support.
* MDN: Mozila Development Network - A vast and authentic
  documentation on JavaScript.
* OOB: Out Of Bounds - Used in the context of TCP data transport.
* OOM: Out Of Memory.
* OSX: Mac OS.
* PPC: Power PC.
* PTAL: Please Take A Look.
* RAII: [Resource Aquisition Is Intialization](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Resource_acquisition_is_initialization)
* REPL: Read Evaluate Print Loop.
* RFC: Request For Comments.
* RSLGTM: Rubber-Stamp Looks Good To Me. The reviewer approving without doing
  a full code review.
* RSS: Resident Set Size.
* SMP: Symmetric Multi Processor.
* TSC: Technical Steering Committee. Detailed info see
  [TSC](./GOVERNANCE.md#technical-steering-committee).
* V8: JavaScript engine that is embedded in Node.js.
* VM: Virtual Machine, in the context of abstracting instructions,
  not to be confused with H/W level or O/S level Virtual machines.

> * WASI: Web Assemby System Interface.

Reviewer 4: Link to this https://github.com/WebAssembly/WASI will be more informative.

  not to be confused with H/W level or O/S level Virtual machines.
* WASI: Web Assemby System Interface.
* WASM: Web Assembly.
* WG: Working Group - autonomous teams in the project with specific
  focus areas.
* WHATWG: Web Hypertext Application Technology Working Group
* WIP: "Work In Progress" - e.g. a patch that's not finished, but
may be worth an early look.
* WPT: [web-platform-tests](https://github.com/web-platform-tests/wpt)
* bootstrap: Early phase in the Node.js process startup - that sets up
  the Node.js execution environment and loads the internal modules.

> * code cache: A chunk of memory where the compiled JS code is stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* code cache: A chunk of bytes storing compiled JS code and its metadata
```

It does not necessarily reside in memory (can be written to disk)

Author: @joyeecheung, thanks. Addressed the change, PTAL.

* deps: upstream projects that this project depends.
* godbolt: [Compiler Explorer](https://godbolt.org/) run compilers
  interactively from your web browser and interact with the assembly.
  Was created by and is primarily administrated by Matt Godbolt.
* native modules/addons: A module / shared library that is
  implemented in C/C++, but exposes one or more interfaces,
  callable from JS.
* primordials: Pristine built-ins that are not effected by prototype
  pollution and tampering with built-ins.

> * snapshot: Native object code compiled from the JS APIs of Node.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* snapshot: when referring to the V8 startup snapshot, a chunk of bytes
  containing serialized V8 heap, which can be deserialized to restore
  the state of the V8 engine.
```

There is also the heap snapshot BTW.

Author: @joyeecheung, ditto.

You may also need to check https://chromium.googlesource.com/chromiumos/docs/+/master/glossary.md.

> * ABI: Application Binary Interface - contracts for internal

Reviewer: Do we really need entries that can be easily looked up in Wikipedia or OS textbooks and widely used in the software world in general? The same goes to things like CLI, EOF, ELO, RAII, etc.

Author: @joyeecheung, (a) the problem this gloassry addresses is difficulty in discovering meaning of abbreveations, and solution is to keep those in one place for easy reference; based on our usage of those, not based on how trivial those are? (b) I did a grep in the code base and found repeated usage of these, (c) these items were proposed in the original issue by maintainers
